in this lesson we're going to look at
how to create some simple motion but
we're not going to use the entire
motorcycle assembly we're just going to
take the fork so click on the fork and
click the open assembly icon and then
click the animation tab at the bottom of
the feature manager the first type of
motion that we want to create is we want
to drive the front wheel to spin and
we're going to use a motor to do that
motor is going to first allow us to
specify a rotary motor or a linear motor
and we'll stick with a rotary motor then
the motor location we'll zoom in and
select the inside diameter of the front
cub and SolidWorks establishes a
rotation direction and that's great if
we didn't like that we pivot that the
other way and now SolidWorks wants us to
establish a fixed part in the background
so this would be if we use our tree the
motorcycle tree bottom
and from here constant speed at 100 rpm
that will be fine just enough to show
the wheels spinning around so now we've
got a time frame of 5 seconds that the
motor is running so let's click on the
calculate button and SolidWorks
calculates the motion of the wheel it
looks like the brake disc is rotating
backwards but that's just an illusion so
the next type of motion that we want to
create is the linkage moving up and down
so let's move this time bar back to the
1 second mark and zoom in grab a face of
our linkage and pull it down
move to the two second mark and push it
up slightly three second mark
pull it down four second mark
pull it up
and the five-second mark will just let
it be right there
so let's now click the calculate again
and we see SolidWorks going through the
motion that we've assigned
then go through and delete the gray
marks these are marks that are being
imposed on the motion of the linkage by
the motion of the wheel so let's go
through and recalculate
and notice now the motion is somewhat
smoother the mark at the end at the four
second mark is red so let's delete that
mark click on it and press the lead on
the keyboard then reposition the time
bar to four seconds
and should be able to go through this
with the time-bar only
that seems to be correct so let's hit
the recalculate
all right so now reset the four seconds
zoom in here
push this up
and then recalculate
pull it back to the
getting
and play from start
so we get the motion of the wheel going
up and down and the wheels spinning at
the same time